you know what is up everybody mr.
Feinerman even of course I received a
comment earlier today and someone asked
me to show him all the helmets and then
one scene he had a specific helmet type
on this game so that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna do it for him so I'm just
gonna go to create a player real quick
and then see if they have down me that
he wants
I'm gonna show you all the helmets for
anyone that wants to know so let's check
it out
I'm not gonna change any of this
aren't you gonna go straight to
appearance and then a quick go on to
other helmets these are all food ones
the bull robot robot running back full
cage full cage for cage single full cage
to half cage kicker Bulldog to bar so we
started back off it hitting the
revolution rebel normal level normal too
rough a robot I'm a robot
- Bravo 3 bar running back Rev little
full cage Rev little full cage - I'm a
full cage 3 half cage kicker 3 bar 3 bar
lb normal the revolution speed rows
where fo speed robot from speed full
cage speed 3 bar speed to our speed
robot to speed 3 bar linebacker speed 3
bar single speed 2 bar single speed 2
bar speed full cage that's hot
speed 3 bar linebacker straight speed 3
bars straight speed kicker speed robot
running back
so I think we just started over yeah we
just started over hard this Scotch I
don't even I say that standard to
bar to bar single 3 bar 3 bar single 3
bar QB I was adding the I was at a
QB 3 bar running back 3 bar single 3 bar
jagged bull running back
robot robot running back full cage robot
a full cage folk a single full cage to
half cage kicker and bulldog and then
back to the tool bar
hey the air XP I like the air X because
they got that little little things in
the back the little bubbles 2 bar to bar
single 3 bar 3 bar single 3 bar QB 3 bar
running back 3 bars are be single 3 bar
be jagged bull running back robot robot
are be full cage robot full cage full
cage single full gauge - half cage
kicker Bulldog back to the to bar the
DNA probe Young's is odd so like they're
real simple but a lot of quarterbacks
and then if I use such as Tony Romo in
Eli Manning oh whoops no yeah Titan QB
titan-2 bar sang full cage normal 3 bar
running back QB that's what I got I on
4d the eye on 4d running back 3 bar 4d 2
bar the robot robot running back full
cage full cage 2 bar new the top either
get it suck I don't know this for naught
and then we're back to the beginning I
think yeah
zennith zennith robot no I think these
are the ones that Eli I don't know
Eli Antonio my ivana 3 bar running back
robot running back full cage robot a 3
bar running back robot running back full
cage robot 3 bar running back so I just
a lot of them no these are the ones here
these are the ones that he lied Tony
Romo life I'm sure that 2 bar to bar
single 3 bar 2 bar single 3 bar QB 3 by
riding back 3 bar single 3 bar jagged
bull running back robot we're about
running back full cage robot full cage
full cage single for cage to half cage
kicker bulldog to bar the red o TK
vintage 1 bar
vintage tube are vintage standard
vintage long and that's it
the Wilson vintage 1 2 standard long
that's it and then went back to the
retro standard so I just went through
all the helmets and I didn't see the one
that the guy wanted but I went through
all the room for him and uh if you would
just drop a like on this video and just
help me out a little bit alright guys I
just want to thank you and have a happy
holidays in peace